In this picture would be learning about how to decompose system into several micro services perhaps
the most important thing.
To keep in mind when designing the structure of micro services is that these should be mostly coupled
from each other but you have high cohesion meaning that each micro service will contain only things
that are strongly related to each other.
We should also keep in mind what is known as the common closure Principle which states that things that
often change do gooder should be prickish to.
This will help in facilitating deployments as if to reduce the number of services that need to be deployed
for each change.
And as much as possible it will help ensure that a business logic change needs to affect only one service.
The most widely used method of decomposing a system into micro services is through business capability.
So if for example we have an e-commerce site and two of its core functions are order management and
shopping carts management the different business capabilities are required in each area would be further
broken down to help make sure the micro services are fine grained and promote loose coupling and high
cohesion.
So for example forming part of the order management business capability we could have an order history
micro service and order placement micro service and order chequing micro service and order dispute micro
service.
Similarly the shopping cart management business functionalities for the e-commerce site could be broken
down into the micro services cart selling cars cost co-curator carts promotions and abandoned cartes
recovery.
In some cases especially in systems with many different technical or complex processes that are obstructed
or not but related to the business capabilities.
It may also be required to decompose the system into micro services not only based on the business capabilities
but also on technical capabilities or functional objectives to make sure that each Microcircuits has
a suitable level of granularity.